---
layout: post_page
title: Detective Brian, Part I - The Goomba Guy
---

This little story all began in the middle of O-Week, which happened to be Wednesday, August 21, 2014. As part of all the orientation activities, all us freshmen were summoned over to the still-strange West Campus to listen to administration talks and presentations. But before all that got started, we were treated to a nice free lunch on the main quad. Austin and I carried our cardboard box Turkey sandwiches and Snapples to a circle of chairs and joined some other students. They were all ordinary freshmen except for one. He almost passed off as just another student in his basketball shorts and T-shirt, except that he was wearing one of those ski hats with the braids, hiding his very short buzzcut within. Already odd enough in the heat and humidity of the North Carolina (colloquially referred to as 'NoCare'), the hat stood out even more due to the fact that it was orange-brown and featured a Goomba design (from Mario). And so he became Goomba Guy.

With nothing better to do, I followed his group around to the Duke Bookstore and did the customary browsing routine: shuffling clothes around, trying on snapbacks in the mirror and quickly taking them off after seeing my reflection, etc. After that, we headed over to the Bryan Center for an engineering presentation. As we descended the steps of the Griffith Theater, Goomba Guy exhibited a noticeable limp. When I sat down beside him,  his basketball pants revealed a scar on one of his knees. It would be a while before we would meet again. 

Tuesday, August 26th, 2014: 'The 2nd Day of School.' *At some point in the day, Austin and I were talking to Goomba Guy at the East Campus bus stop. After classes were over, Pratt, the engineering school, held a picnic over in FCIEMAS. It wasn't much of a picnic, considering it was indoors in the FCIEMAS atrium, but there was free food and therefore no reason to complain. After Austin and I cleared out their Roast Beef sandwiches we started stocking our stores (ie plastic gallon bags) with extra sandwiches to last us for the rest of the week. We were sitting on the indoor benches connecting Schiciano to the Atrium when we met Goomba Guy once again. Strangely, my memory failed me and I forgot his name. Having met multiple Asian Kevins, I went with that. Of course, that was wrong since his name was 'Goomba Guy', which sounds nothing like Kevin. Luckily, Austin had my back and remembered his name. We must have chatted for a bit and then Austin and I left, passing the Duke Electric Vehicle (DEV) which would play a role in a later installment of The Story of Detective Brian...*

Wednesday, August 27th, 2014: 'H.M. Coffee'
*I was busy with classes, work study, and going to the weight room for most of the day and by dinner I was tired. Still, I couldn't turn down some after-dinner-digestion-frisbee, so I brought the ol' Snail Championship Frisbee along to the cafeteria (Marketplace). Again, we met Goomba Guy and ended up having a nice dinner conversation with him. At some point or another, I must have dropped some food on the floor and in the process of retrieving it, noticed a very unique scar on his knee. You see, by now his hair had grown much longer and his hat had disappeared (we hadn't seen it since that first day). But as typical of Detective Brian, no clue goes unobserved. However, I remained silent. A wise man knows that the most powerful words are left unspoken, and for good reason (in my example, I was busy chewing my food at the time). Afterwards, the four of us- Austin, Gabriel, Goomba Guy, and myself- headed out to the circular field in front of Marketplace for some frisbee. I must admit- though my words can be precise, my backhand is not. And so I resorted to forehand that night.*

Friday, September 12, 2014: 'First Party'
*Not sure how this all happened, but Austin and I found ourselves drinking some Dr. Pepper/ Vodka mix out of Goomba Guy's water bottle on the bus. I can now understand why it's called Dr. Pepper- that stuff ended up tasting like horrible cough medicine. We went to an SLG called 'The Nexus', thinking that it'd be gaming-oriented in some way or another. It was not. Rather, it was a gender-neutral SLG. Not much of a 'first party'. Sighs.*

Sunday, September 16th, 2014: 'Rock Climbing'
*Busy weekend with homework and studying. Such is the life of the Organic Chemistry-studying Engineer at la Dooka Dooka (also known by its Yik Yak handle, 'Duke University'). We became officially 'belay certified' and in the process, got a free 2-hour climbing session at the Wilson Gym climbing wall (a $5 value). At dinner later that night, I was with 'Jenny, My Lover', Chris, and Mr. Goomba Guy. I believe I decided then to confront Mr. Goomba Guy with the information that I was withholding all along- we had met a long time ago...*

Saturday, September 27th, 2014: 'Mundi/ DKE'
*Certain elements of life are inescapable for the veteran detective- and adult beverages and dragon sticks are no exception. Austin, Goomba Guy, and I hydrated ourselves well in the company of the DKE brothers and then headed back to the Motel Epworth. I borrowed Goomba Guy's sweater and the three of us headed over to the nearest gas station for some dragon sticks. I got a cool Sunny/Chino dragon stick which wasn't that bad. What a long night...*

Thursday, October 10th, 2014: 'Psycho Pass 2'
*Went to DAGGER with Austin and Goomba Guy. Had a lot of fun playing Shadow Hunters (ie Japanese Mafia) and Arabian Nights (ie Middle Eastern Siddhartha). Afterwards, we headed over to Pitchforks and I got an overpriced breakfast BLT with tater tots.*

And so the semester continued on until where I am today. I wonder if there ever will be case like this one or whether I even had a case at all. In any way, it was one odd journey of tangled paths and strands of life. I should mention that his real name isn't 'Goomba Guy' and to this Hearthstone legend, I can only give these words:

GG.

 