---
layout: post_page
title: Amateur Birding 
---

Here's a little 'amateur birding' story from earlier this week: I've always liked birds and growing up with a pond, marsh, and farm within sight of my backyard granted me a wide range of egrets, herons, and cranes in addition to the usual (but still appreciated) robins and sparrows. That was back in Illinois. Now here at college, really all I see around campus are small families of sparrows and not much else (other than the abnormally large population of well-fed squirrels). But the other day, I happened to catch sight of a very nice cardinal couple- the male with his bright red coat and the female with her more earthy tones but equally orange-red beak. And of course, like a child in front of a shop store, I couldn't help but just smile and stare at their beauty. Yet, I could also feel something tugging at me, like a mother pulling a transfixed child along, and that was the urge to capture that moment, wrap it up like a half-eaten snack, and save it for later. So I pull out my phone, swipe down to unlock, pull up the camera, tap to focus, look up, and poof ... they're gone! It's like the ending to The Usual Suspects and that sneaky red-clad devil pulled his trick and vanished into the air, accomplice in tow. Now, would I have been able to draw the RE out quickly enough to capture the moment, I'll never know. But I do know that the combination of its moment-capturing handiness and its peculiar periscope design have definitely made a fan in me! 